.. _3.6.0_Release:

GeoMoose 3.6.0 Release Notes
============================

Bug Fixes
---------

* Select behavior when defaulting to feature-select.
* Startup services now set the state correctly and do not 
  cause a refresh bug with coordinates in the URL hash.

New Features
------------

* *i18n Support!* Includes English and Spanish translation dictionaries.
  included
* Buffer a result. This allows for buffering a specific result from a query
  for follow up work.
* WMS are now scale-aware and will re-fetch the legend when the map zoom changes.
* Multiple features can be selected from a layer using the shift key for services
  that allow selecting features from the map.
* Added syntax to support a "list of likes" this allows searches to be 
  configured to search multiple fields with multiple values with only partial
  term matching and ignores case.
* Services can now be configured to zoom to their results automatically.
* The Grid can now be configured to start minimized.
* `keepAlive` setting has been restored to Select. This allows the user to
  keep drawing new polygons even after results have returned.
* Drawing and Markup layer now supports feature labels

Housecleaning and Maintenance
-----------------------------

* OpenLayers and React have both been upgraded to their most
  recent versions.
* Unnecessary state has been removed from a number of components.
* When removing state, many components were ported to being functional
  components and using hooks for better performance.
* ol-mapbox-style has been upgraded instead of the old pinned version
  that was used internally.
* Documentation for all of the above has been added!
